**Lore**
------------------------
It is said that during the time of medieval warfare in our world, there was another world, known as Epsilon. People say that for a hundred generations, Epsilon was at peace. But peace doesn't last forever. Epsilon was run by the direct descendants of Gabriel Adams, the man who ended the deadly civil wars, and brought order to Epsilon.  After over three millenniums of peace, there were 3 new descendants, Nagem, whose creativity brought life wherever she would go, Leinad, whose courage beat that of a lion, and finally, Nitsuj, whose strength stroke fear in the eyes of his enemies. Nitsuj, Nagem and Leinad had a friend who they spent a considerable amount of time with, named Nedyah, whose intuition was far greater than anyone of that age.

These four people sought to create their own lands, and so they did. The father of the three siblings granted them an enormous island to the north, with 2 smaller, but still large, islands on each side. On the north half of the mainland, Nedyah built the land of Zago. On the south half, Nagem built the land of Fayin. On the northwestern island, Leinad built the land of Tharin, and on the southeastern island, Nitsuj built the land of Portan. In the center of the mainland, they created fort one, which they used as their meeting grounds. Over time, these four lands thrived, especially Portan.

Nitsuj was proud of what he had created, but eventually he got tired, so the three others suggested that he would take a break, so he did. Three months went by and Nitsuj was doing great, but suddenly out of the blue, a meteor struck Portan's capital city. The three others tried to find him and tell him of the news, but he couldn't be found. The meteor itself only took down a few buildings, but the meteor carried a greater evil inside of it. Inside was a horde of terrible monsters of all kind, who destroyed the capital and spread throughout Portan.

In the emergency, the three friends decided that they would decide Kings of their cities and leave them in charge, so that they could go search for Nitsuj. After decades of fighting these monsters, they eventually spread throughout all of the lands, but the cities built their defenses up and protected themselves from the evil creatures.
